Old General Wang is elderly
This
I want the people of Guanzhong to report the end
I want to do my best to marry and go to the imperial city
His Majesty does not need holidays
Will enter Guanzhong at the end
Eat a catty of wine first
General Wang
As expected of the minister and general
I'm very touched.
General Wang
Waiting for your return
I will personally pick up the wind and dust for you
I will thank Your Majesty for His Grace
This revenge will be avenged
This lamb is a dog.
Who are you really catching and biting?
If my old general is old
Is there a more suitable candidate?
Then say it.
His Majesty is the Son of Heaven
Then the royal family and national relatives can naturally do it too.
For example, Prince Rong
Kings of various places
There is also Cui Zhuangyuan, the central sheren
They can take His Majesty there
No need to look at the Chinese Yiren to take a position
General Wang went this time
For the safety of millions of people in Guanzhong
I naturally know the grievances
Wait for General Wang's triumph
I am seriously injured
Bah, my surname is Your Majesty
Confirm my Father's grace
Disaster waits for no one
In this way, according to the strategy of the complementary member
All departments cooperate together
Others go down first
The minister will retire
Gaoyang
You stay
Queen child
Tell the reporter
this hatred
must report
Great General Gia, good luck
Go, triumph
Lamb, how dare you?
Your Majesty, what is the crime?
This bet was made by General Wang himself
His Majesty cannot kiss the locust
Only then did I propose to let General Wang replace His Majesty
Ming Jianchen, it's all for big money
For His Majesty's sake
You mean I wronged you?
Where did I go wrong?
I don't know
But I know that His Majesty said that I was wrong
That minister is the wrong lamb
You're smart.
Understand what I mean
I don't have to say more
After all, during this time, General Wang was wrong first
It's even
General Wang is old
This time because of me
Paid a huge price for big money
Some things you can stop
Your Majesty always respects the old and loves the young
General Wang is old
Even if His Majesty does not say
The minister will not embarrass him
Do you know why I left you alone?
I guess your majesty is for the 50,000 chicken and duck
And that's a pretty big expense.
His Majesty is worried about this
This survey is simple
But after the light sign yellow disaster
How to deal with 50,000 chicken and duck returning to Beijing
If a large number of people pour into the capital
The price must fall
Can't let me
Keep it in captivity in this palace
Your Majesty, this is not difficult
Chang'an people raise chickens and ducks
But not willing to feed in large quantities
So chickens and ducks are thin
But in Guanzhong
There are plenty of locusts to eat
These chickens and ducks will all become fat and strong
The minister specially recorded it in the book
Investigation of events everywhere
Trade the backlog of thinness for the backlog of fat and strong
The sale is good
Second, the emergency.
It happened suddenly
Once the backlog is cleared in Chang'an City
How many are nearby is still unknown
This is an opportunity
Underground can send someone to purchase a batch in time.
Invest in Chang'an City at a high price
If Guanzhong yellow material is urgent
Then continue to invest in Guanzhong if it is not urgent
Then you can sell vegetables at a high price.
Common people multi-index finger
And large families eat more game such as chicken and duck
It doesn't kill them.
When
So the cost comes down.
It's not good to lose money
That's a good idea.